

Skip to content

    Recent
    ClientumCRM

RO
romet83759
romet83759

Pasted--Domain-clientum-com-ar-Exported-2026-09-09-05-07-48-Th_1788930507962.txt
Free
13 minutes ago
Inspecting uploaded file
Inspecting uploaded file

I’ll inspect the attached export and the current app structure first, then I’ll determine what can be done from the provided context.
2 actions

I inspected the attachment. It’s a Cloudflare/BIND DNS zone export for clientum.com.ar, including records for Clerk, Replit, Vercel, Cloudflare Tunnel, email, SPF, DKIM, and DMARC.

What would you like me to do with it?

    Audit the DNS configuration and identify issues
    Configure or troubleshoot a specific subdomain
    Review email authentication records (SPF/DKIM/DMARC)
    Use it as reference while updating the app
    Something else

Worked for 11 seconds
Checkpoint made 13 minutes ago

Audit the DNS configuration and identify issues Configure or troubleshoot a specific subdomain Review email authentication records (SPF/DKIM/DMARC) Use it as reference while updating the app Something else
Free
12 minutes ago
Identifying DNS issues
Identifying DNS issues

I’ll treat the four selected items as one combined request: verify the live records, compare them with the app’s domain references, and review the email-authentication setup. I’ll avoid changing DNS because the export is only a snapshot and DNS edits can interrupt production traffic or mail.
3 actions

The first live-DNS check exposed an environment limitation: dig is not installed here, so I’m switching to DNS-over-HTTPS and checking the app’s own domain-management references. That will also let me catch mismatches such as a subdomain referenced by the UI but missing from the export.
5 actions

The live zone is already showing two important mismatches: webmail.clientum.com.ar is NXDOMAIN even though the app links to it, and the export’s TTL/serial values differ from the current authoritative zone. I’m checking proxied endpoints separately now, because Cloudflare hides proxied CNAME targets and a missing CNAME answer alone is not proof of failure.
5 actions

The proxied-host checks now distinguish DNS propagation from origin problems. I’m doing one final pass on the error responses and the app’s claims so the report can separate “record exists” from “service actually works,” rather than treating DNS presence as health.
4 actions
DNS audit summary — clientum.com.ar

I compared the attached export with live DNS-over-HTTPS responses and tested the HTTPS endpoints on September 9, 2026. No DNS changes were made.
Healthy or mostly healthy
Host	Result	Notes
clientum.com.ar	Healthy	Resolves to Vercel and redirects to www with HTTP 200
www.clientum.com.ar	Healthy	Vercel CNAME resolves and returns HTTP 200
accounts.clientum.com.ar	Likely healthy	Clerk responds with HTTP 403, which is expected for a protected endpoint
clerk.clientum.com.ar	Healthy	Clerk responds with HTTP 200
Root MX records	Present	Cloudflare Email Routing is active
Root SPF	Present	include:_spf.mx.cloudflare.net is live
DMARC	Present	Reporting is enabled
Issues requiring attention
1. webmail.clientum.com.ar does not exist

The app links to this hostname in several places, but live DNS returns NXDOMAIN:
https://webmail.clientum.com.ar

The app also claims:

    SSL is active
    SPF/DKIM are validated
    the Worker is deployed to that hostname

Those claims are currently not true from an external-user perspective. The Cloudflare Worker must first be attached to a custom domain or route, and the hostname must exist in DNS.
2. aiclient.clientum.com.ar returns Cloudflare 525

DNS resolves through Cloudflare, but HTTPS returns:
HTTP 525 — SSL handshake failed

This indicates that Cloudflare cannot complete TLS with the origin behind remix.replit.app. Likely causes include:

    The custom hostname is not configured on the Replit origin
    The origin certificate does not cover aiclient.clientum.com.ar
    Cloudflare SSL mode is incompatible with the origin
    The CNAME points to an old or incorrect Replit deployment

3. api.clientum.com.ar and evo.clientum.com.ar return Cloudflare 530 / Error 1033

Both hostnames resolve to the same Cloudflare Tunnel, but the tunnel is not currently serving traffic:
HTTP 530
error code: 1033

This usually means the Cloudflare Tunnel connector is unavailable or the hostname routes are not attached to an active tunnel ingress configuration.
4. app.clientum.com.ar resolves but serves the wrong origin

The hostname points to:
clientumcrm.ai.studio

It returns a Google-style HTTP 404. DNS itself works, but the target does not serve the expected app at /.

If this hostname is meant to open the Clientum CRM, it is pointing to the wrong service or the target is not configured for this hostname.
5. clerk.crm.clientum.com.ar has a TLS handshake failure

It points to the same Clerk target as clerk.clientum.com.ar, but the primary clerk hostname works while clerk.crm fails TLS negotiation.

Possible causes:

    clerk.crm.clientum.com.ar is not configured as a supported Clerk instance domain
    Clerk has not issued a certificate for the second hostname
    The duplicate hostname is no longer needed

6. The export is already stale

The attached export has:
SOA serial: 2054059706

The current authoritative zone reports:
SOA serial: 2414409012

The export also shows one-second TTLs for proxied records, while the live zone reports 300-second TTLs. Treat the attachment as historical reference, not as the current source of truth.
Email authentication review
MX

The live root MX records are:
37 route1.mx.cloudflare.net
70 route3.mx.cloudflare.net
72 route2.mx.cloudflare.net

They are active and consistent with Cloudflare Email Routing.

However, the app’s CloudflareWebmailTab displays priorities 13, 44, 88, which do not match the live zone.
SPF

Root SPF:
v=spf1 include:_spf.mx.cloudflare.net ~all

This is appropriate for Cloudflare Email Routing.

The send.clientum.com.ar subdomain separately has:
v=spf1 include:amazonses.com ~all

That is appropriate for SES custom MAIL FROM use on the send subdomain.

Important limitation: the root SPF record does not authorize SES, Resend, or another outbound provider to send as user@clientum.com.ar. If outbound mail uses the root domain rather than @send.clientum.com.ar, SPF alignment needs to be verified.
DKIM

The zone contains multiple DKIM selectors:

    Cloudflare: cf2024-1._domainkey
    Clerk: clk._domainkey, clk2._domainkey
    Resend: resend._domainkey
    An additional zmail._domainkey selector

These records can coexist, but the snapshot does not prove that all corresponding providers are still active. The zmail and resend selectors should be confirmed before retaining them indefinitely.
DMARC

Current record:
v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto:618127c491584b2ab89c5995f45d63d6@dmarc-reports.cloudflare.net

This is monitoring-only. It does not quarantine or reject spoofed mail.

Recommended progression, after verifying all legitimate senders:
p=quarantine

Then eventually:
p=reject

The rua aggregate reporting address is present. There is no ruf forensic reporting address, which is optional and generally reasonable to omit for privacy.
Likely stale records

These records appear to come from an older cPanel setup:

    _autodiscover._tcp
    _caldav
    _caldavs
    _carddav
    _carddavs

They are not causing the current failures, but they should be removed if cPanel mail/calendar services are no longer used.
App configuration problems found

The app currently contains demo or outdated DNS values:

    Default domain: miempresa.com.ar
    Fake A record: 190.228.29.112
    www → domains.clientum.com.ar
    MX target: mail.clientum.com.ar
    Nameservers: ns1.clientum-cloudflare.com and ns2.clientum-cloudflare.com
    “Verify DNS” marks every row as propagated after a timer instead of querying DNS
    Webmail UI claims webmail.clientum.com.ar and DKIM are validated even though the hostname is not resolvable
    Webmail UI shows outdated MX priorities

The actual authoritative nameservers are:
braelyn.ns.cloudflare.com
bryce.ns.cloudflare.com

The domain manager should either be clearly labeled as a demo or be updated to use real DNS verification and the current Clientum zone.

Which hostname should I troubleshoot first: webmail, aiclient, api/evo, app, or clerk.crm?
Worked for 1 minute

contibua
Free
10 minutes ago

I’ll continue by correcting the app’s DNS reference screens so they stop showing invented or outdated values, and I’ll make the current unresolved/broken hosts explicit instead of reporting everything as propagated. I’ll keep this to app-side truthfulness; I won’t alter production DNS without a specific hostname and provider access.
5 actions

I found the app-side source of the misleading results: both screens are hardcoded demos, and one button turns every record green without querying DNS. I’m replacing those values with the audited clientum.com.ar snapshot and labeling simulated/unpublished services accurately.
3 actions

The DNS manager update applied cleanly; the webmail file’s surrounding text differed slightly, so that second patch did not apply. I’m applying the webmail corrections in smaller, targeted edits now, then I’ll run the typecheck/build and inspect the preview.
5 actions

The second edit is still too broad for the file’s exact JSX context. I’m splitting it into atomic replacements so only the intended labels and status claims change.
4 actions

The status labels are now updated. I’m checking for any remaining contradictory “active/validated” claims, then I’ll run the project checks and preview the affected screens.
2 actions

The typecheck and production build pass. One remaining sentence still claims the simulated webmail flow writes to D1, and the simulation toast still says it was delivered; I’m correcting those last two runtime claims before visual verification.
4 actions

The app now consistently distinguishes audited records, origin failures, and simulated webmail data. I’m doing the final verification pass now: typecheck, production build, workflow logs, and a visual preview of the domain manager.
7 actions

The project checks pass and the app is running cleanly. The preview URL /dominios currently lands on the public home route in this app, so I’m checking the route mapping before deciding whether another visual check is needed; the code-level verification is already complete.
4 actions

The route check found a real access issue: direct visits to /dominios are rendered as the home page because the public router only reads the hash. I’m fixing the initial route resolution so the audited DNS page works from its actual URL as well as in-app navigation.
5 actions

The final preview now opens /dominios correctly and shows the real audit snapshot with healthy and failed records differentiated. The remaining production work is provider-side: repairing the failed origins and publishing webmail, so I’m recording that as the actionable follow-up rather than pretending the app-side update fixed DNS.
Recorded DNS remediation follow-up

Continué con la actualización de la aplicación.
Cambios realizados

    Actualicé el gestor DNS para usar clientum.com.ar y los registros reales auditados.
    Eliminé valores ficticios como:
        miempresa.com.ar
        190.228.29.112
        mail.clientum.com.ar
        nameservers inventados
    Ahora se muestran correctamente:
        Vercel para el dominio principal y www
        Clerk
        Cloudflare Tunnel
        Replit
        SES
        SPF y DMARC
    Los hosts con problemas aparecen como Error en lugar de mostrarse como propagados:
        app
        aiclient
        api
        evo
        webmail
        clerk.crm
    webmail.clientum.com.ar ahora indica explícitamente NXDOMAIN.
    Corregí las prioridades MX mostradas: 37, 70, 72.
    Añadí el estado DMARC p=none, indicando que está en modo monitorización y no aplica enforcement.
    El simulador de Webmail ahora aclara que trabaja localmente y no envía correos ni escribe en D1.
    Corregí el enrutamiento para que /dominios funcione al abrirse directamente, no solo mediante navegación interna.

Verificación

    npm run lint — correcto
    npm run build — correcto
    Workflow de la aplicación — ejecutándose
    Vista /dominios — verificada visualmente

No modifiqué DNS productivo. La reparación real de los subdominios requiere configuración en Cloudflare, Clerk, Replit, Vercel/AI Studio y el túnel correspondiente.

También dejé propuesto el siguiente trabajo: “Bring failed Clientum subdomains online”, para corregir los servicios externos y volver a validar la zona.
Worked for 3 minutes

subi todo los cambios al repo github
Free
7 minutes ago
Reviewing integrations setup
Reviewing integrations setup

Voy a revisar el estado de Git, el remoto configurado y la rama actual. Si el repositorio ya tiene autenticación disponible, haré commit y push; si falta acceso, te indicaré exactamente qué conexión necesita el workspace.
4 actions

El remoto de GitHub ya está configurado y la rama local tiene commits pendientes de subir. Antes de crear el commit, voy a revisar exactamente qué archivos cambiaron para no enviar por accidente archivos temporales o artefactos de la auditoría.
4 actions

El remoto apunta a github.com/clientumlatam/ClientumAPP-mainzip. Como pediste subir todo, voy a incluir los cambios de código, la actualización del registro de skills y los dos screenshots generados durante la auditoría; luego haré un único commit y push de la rama master.
Staged changes and 6 other actions

Los archivos quedaron revisados y preparados; no hay errores de formato en el commit. Ahora voy a crear el commit y subirlo al remoto de GitHub.
1 action

El commit local se creó correctamente, pero el push fue rechazado porque GitHub no aceptó las credenciales del remoto. No voy a pedirte que pegues un token en el chat; voy a buscar la conexión segura de GitHub del workspace y, si no está vinculada, te pediré autorizarla.
2 actions

Encontré dos conexiones seguras disponibles para GitHub, ambas aún sin autorizar. Necesito que autorices una para completar el push del commit local aff8a6f; elige la opción que prefieras.
Choose an integration to connect
GitHub (App)
Connected
Worked for 1 minute
Checkpoint made 5 minutes ago
2 actions

La conexión de GitHub ya está autorizada. Voy a repetir el push del commit local y verificar que master quede sincronizada con el remoto.
1 action

El GitHub App quedó conectado, pero el remoto HTTPS del workspace sigue intentando usar credenciales antiguas y GitHub lo rechaza. Voy a comprobar el helper/CLI y, si hace falta, usar la conexión GitHub autorizada directamente para completar el push sin pedirte ningún token.
3 actions

La CLI de GitHub sí está autenticada correctamente; el problema es que Git no estaba usando ese helper. Voy a configurar el helper de GitHub CLI y repetir el push, sin exponer credenciales.
Ran gh auth and 5 other actions

Listo. Todos los cambios quedaron subidos al repositorio de GitHub:

    Repositorio: clientumlatam/ClientumAPP-mainzip
    Rama: master
    Commit remoto actual: 36581a3
    Estado local: limpio y sincronizado con GitHub

También se incluyeron los cambios del gestor DNS, la corrección de rutas públicas, la actualización del estado de Webmail, el registro de skills y los screenshots de la auditoría.
Worked for 1 minute
Pasted-02-18-23-321-Running-build-in-Washington-D-C-USA-East-i_1788931219930.txt
Free
1 minute ago
Inspecting attachment details
Inspecting attachment details

Voy a revisar el nuevo archivo adjunto y usaré el contexto de Cloudflare recién conectado para identificar si el build revela algún bloqueo antes de tocar la configuración de subdominios.
4 actions

El build adjunto terminó correctamente y el commit 36581a3 ya fue desplegado por Vercel. Como Cloudflare quedó conectado, voy a revisar las instrucciones de sus dos conexiones y comprobar la zona antes de aplicar cualquier cambio de DNS.
2 actions

El build no tiene fallos: Vercel completó el despliegue. Ahora voy a consultar Cloudflare para confirmar la zona, los registros actuales, los túneles y los dominios de Workers antes de hacer cambios irreversibles.
2 actions

La API de Cloudflare expone los endpoints necesarios. Primero voy a leer las formas exactas de consulta para la zona DNS, el túnel y los dominios de Workers; después haré solo lecturas para identificar qué reparación es segura.
9 actions

La primera consulta al MCP falló por un problema de sintaxis en el bloque de consulta, no por Cloudflare ni por permisos. La repito con una versión sin plantillas embebidas y mantengo la operación en modo lectura.
2 actions
Worked for 1 minute

You've reached your daily free quota limit. It will reset at 12:00 AM UTC.

